EG prepare for release (#17140)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventgrid/azure-eventgrid/README.md

 **Note:** It is important to know if your topic supports CloudEvents or EventGridEvents before publishing. If you send to a topic that does not support the schema of the event you are sending, send() will throw an exception.

### System Topics

> A **[system topic](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-grid/system-topics)** in Event Grid represents one or more events published by Azure services such as Azure Storage and Azure Event Hubs. For example, a system topic may represent all blob events or only blob created and blob deleted events published for a specific storage account.

Reviewer: nit: use noun for create and delete?
```suggestion
A **[system topic](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-grid/system-topics)** in Event Grid represents one or more events published by Azure services such as Azure Storage or Azure Event Hubs. For example, a system topic may represent all blob events or only blob creation and blob deletion events published for a specific storage account.
```

> The names of the various event types for the system events published to Azure Event Grid are avaialable in `azure.eventgrid.SystemEventNames`.

Reviewer 2: typo:
```suggestion
The names of the various event types for the system events published to Azure Event Grid are available in `azure.eventgrid.SystemEventNames`.
```
